feat: update ingestion docs (#220)
NASA-IMPACT/veda-docs: user-guide/content-curation/dataset-ingestion/index.qmd

For dataset ingestion, generally four steps are required. Depending on the capacity of the dataset provider, some of the steps can be completed by the VEDA team on request.

> The data ingestion process requires `Keycloak` credentials (username and password). In order to set up authentication via Keycloak, see [Setting Up Keycloak](TODO). If you need assistance, you can contact a member of the VEDA Data Services Team at [veda@uah.edu](mailto:veda@uah.edu) who can set up an account and credentials for you. The first time you log in using the `Cognito Client`, you will be prompted to set a new password.

Author: ```suggestion
The data ingestion process requires `Keycloak` credentials (username and password). In order to set up authentication via Keycloak, see [Setting Up Keycloak](CREATE LINK TO KEYCLOAK SETUP INSTRUCTIONS). If you need assistance, you can contact a member of the VEDA Data Services Team at [veda@uah.edu](mailto:veda@uah.edu) who can set up an account and credentials for you. The first time you log in using the `Cognito Client`, you will be prompted to set a new password.
```

This is where I think it would be nice to reference some written instructions for Keycloak @smohiudd
